update react resources page (#132)
learning-software-engineering/learning-software-engineering.github.io: Topics/Tech_Stacks/React.md

### React Learning Resources 

[Full-Stack Open](https://fullstackopen.com/)
A full, free course provided by the University of Helsinki that teaches the MERN (MongoDB, Express, React, NodeJS) stack. It also covers TypeScript, GraphQL, React Native, and some CI/CD. An excellent resource for React beginners.

[Coursera Learn React Basics](https://www.coursera.org/learn/react-basics)
A free course provided by Coursera that covers the basics of React, including State, navigation, and taking user input via forms.

[Free Scrimba React Course](https://scrimba.com/learn/learnreact)
A free course provided by Scrimba that teaches React fundamentals through the creation of various applications including an AirBnB clone, a meme generator, and a notes app.

[Official React Tutorial](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html)
Basic React tutorial provided by the official React website. This tutorial will guide you through a very basic tutorial that you can do straight from your browser. 

[React JS Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7ejDZ8SWv8)
[One Hour React Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9eMGE7QtTk)

> One hour in-depth tutorials about React. These Youtube crash course provides a great overview of React and various important components that you will be using often. Very useful if you are learning React under a strict time limit for whatever reason.

Reviewer: "One hour" and "in-depth" are conflicting descriptors, it might make more sense if we don't call it in-depth.

> One hour in-depth tutorials about React. These Youtube crash course provides a great overview of React and various important components that you will be using often. Very useful if you are learning React under a strict time limit for whatever reason.

Reviewer: "Youtube" should be spelled as "YouTube".

[Front-End Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/)
These frontend challenges for HTML, CSS and JavaScript will help you review core skills while also making interesting projects.

> [Mozilla React Tutorial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Client-side_JavaScript_frameworks/React_getting_started)

Reviewer: MDN is excellent. I would strongly advocate adding the official React docs to this section, imo it is the best place for a beginner to learn React. But up to you

Author: true, added those as well.

React tutorial by MDN Web Docs. Useful readings for if you have time, but not necessary by any means.

[Microsoft JavaScript Tutorial](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/dev-environment/javascript/)

> Javascript frameworks tutorial provided by Microsoft. Useful readings, but not necessary to learn React. 

Reviewer: Javascript should be spelled "JavaScript"

Allows you to set up your React applications using a single command without having to configure many build tools. Provides a lot of useful functionality like instant reloads and optimizations for deployment. 

[usehooks-ts](https://usehooks-ts.com/)
A React library of useful hooks that go well beyond those built into React. Don't reinvent the wheel! usehooks offers over forty ready-to-use hooks such as [useEffectOnce](https://usehooks-ts.com/react-hook/use-effect-once) and [useInterval](https://usehooks-ts.com/react-hook/use-interval). 

[Redux](https://redux.js.org/)
The official React solution for state management. Redux provides functionality for reducers, advanced debugging tools, and more that will simplify the state management for your app.

[Material UI](https://mui.com/material-ui/)
A fully-featured UI library that offers a huge range of common components that are easily styled and based on Google's Material Design.

[Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
Another responsive UI library that allows you to focus on development by handling the design logistics for you.  

### Miscellaneous

[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)

> Host your React websites straight from your Github repo. Website hosting is fairly expensive, so this is here as a free alternative for website deployment for simple applications.

Reviewer: I'm nitpicking but I don't think website hosting is too expensive, so maybe we can reword this to just say "If you don't want to spend money on website hosting" or "If you don't need server functionality and want to host for free" or something like that.

Author: Fair point

Reviewer 2: It might be a good idea to plug the page I contributed (GitHub pages). I am a bit unsure on how to do that as it is not committed yet.

Author: I'll add a link to the index page, once you commit I can add the link if there's time.

## Tech Stacks

### React Overview

> React is an open-source JavaScript library for building component-based user interfaces. This component-based architecture allows engineers to quickly prototype and develop complex applications easily by modularizing common functionalities into discrete, reusable UI components, and React boasts a large user base full of freely available components libraries. Beyond this, React there's much more to learn about React, such as its virtual DOM, JSX, and a full mobile framework in React Native, and much more -- so much more that it can be [overwhelming](https://auth0.com/blog/how-to-manage-javascript-fatigue/). 

Reviewer 2: There seems to be some typos. Replace this entire section with this
```suggestion
React is an open-source JavaScript library for building component-based user interfaces. This component-based architecture allows engineers to quickly prototype and develop complex applications easily by modularizing common functionalities into discrete, reusable UI components, whilst boasting a large user base full of freely available component libraries. Beyond this, there's much more to learn about React, such as its virtual DOM, JSX, a full mobile framework in React Native, and much more -- so much more that it can be [overwhelming](https://auth0.com/blog/how-to-manage-javascript-fatigue/). 
```

[React JS Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7ejDZ8SWv8)
[One Hour React Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9eMGE7QtTk)
One hour quickstart tutorials about React. These YouTube crash course provides a great overview of React and various important components that you will be using often. Very useful if you are learning React under a strict time limit for whatever reason.

[Front-End Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/)
These frontend challenges for HTML, CSS and JavaScript will help you review core skills while also making interesting projects.

[Mozilla React Tutorial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Client-side_JavaScript_frameworks/React_getting_started)
React tutorial by MDN Web Docs. Useful readings for if you have time.

[Microsoft JavaScript Tutorial](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/dev-environment/javascript/)
JavaScript frameworks tutorial provided by Microsoft. Useful readings, but not necessary to learn React. 

### Useful React Tools and Libraries

> [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/)

Reviewer 2: Create React App is criticized for being slow, in terms of the actual react website you make being slow. A substitute would be Vite, which works very similar to create react app. Consider putting this in.

I don't know if Next.js should be mentioned or is already mentioned here.

[usehooks-ts](https://usehooks-ts.com/)
A React library of useful hooks that go well beyond those built into React. Don't reinvent the wheel! usehooks offers over forty ready-to-use hooks such as [useEffectOnce](https://usehooks-ts.com/react-hook/use-effect-once) and [useInterval](https://usehooks-ts.com/react-hook/use-interval). 

[Redux](https://redux.js.org/)
The official React solution for state management. Redux provides functionality for reducers, advanced debugging tools, and more that will simplify the state management for your app.

[Material UI](https://mui.com/material-ui/)
A fully-featured UI library that offers a huge range of common components that are easily styled and based on Google's Material Design.

[Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
Another responsive UI library that allows you to focus on development by handling the design logistics for you.  

### Miscellaneous

[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
Host your React websites straight from your Github repo. Website hosting is fairly expensive, so this is here as a free alternative for website deployment for simple applications.

[Codepen](https://codepen.io/)

> Online development environment to try React out in (among other frontend tools). Great for testing the waters with React and other libraries or languages.

Reviewer 2: Consider adding Stackblitz.
